README.md, before:

# NgEcommerce

This an Angular Project for an E-Commerce Store front.


## Requirements

1. Node v12+
2. Angular v15+
3. Angular Material
4. Firebase Realtime Database

## Authentication
The project uses Firebase realtime database SDK for signup and signin process. A user token is sent back as part of the response and the system uses it for authetication. The token is sent as an auth payload for each request to Firebase.

## Project Set up

1. Fork the project
2. Clone the project
3. Navigate into project folder and run `npm install`
4. Run the project `ng serve`
5. Open any broswer and navigate to `http://localhost:4200`

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

Commit message:

Changed project README to reftlect switch to NestJs backend

README.md, after:

# NgEcommerce

This an Angular Project for an E-Commerce Store front.


## Requirements

1. Node v12+
2. Angular v15+
3. Angular Material
4. NestJS Backend `https://github.com/maikofelix47/nest-ec-backend`

## Authentication
The project uses a NestJS backend. On successfull A user token is sent back as part of the response and the system uses it for authetication. The token is sent as an auth payload for each request to the backend.

`
headers': {
    'Authorization': 'Bearer accessToken'
}

`

## Project Set up

1. Fork the project
2. Clone the project
3. Navigate into project folder and run `npm install`
4. Run the project `ng serve`
5. Open any broswer and navigate to `http://localhost:4200`
6. Fork the project `https://github.com/maikofelix47/nest-ec-backend` and set it up

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.
